README.md, before:

# [Clone Bot](https://github.com/m4mallu/clonebot)

#### A simple telegram bot to clone Medias from one chat to another

Note: 
- Bot need to be an admin of the source and destination Chats.
- String session user doesn't need to be an admin of both ends.
- String session user should not be banned in the source chat.
- Don't create the string session from an admin account. Session user will leave the chat at the end 😂 

### Requirements:
```
TG_BOT_TOKEN    - Get from @BotFather
APP_ID          - Get from my.telegram.org
API_HASH        - Get from my.telegram.org
TG_USER_SESSION - Run any userbot session maker (https://repl.it/@ayrahikari/pyrogram-session-maker)
```

### @BotFather Command:
**Should Be run in Bot**

```
/help - To know how to use the bot
/source - Set source chat Id ( /source -1001234567890 )
/destination - Set destination chat Id ( /destination -1009876543210)
/view - To view the current stored chat configuration
/delconfig - To clear the stored chat configuration
/clone - Clone medias from source to destination chat

```
### Deploy Easy Way:

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/m4mallu/clonebot)

### Deploy Hard Way:

Create **config.py** with variables as given below [Refer sample.config](https://github.com/m4mallu/clonebot/blob/master/sample_config.py)

```
class Config(object):
    TG_BOT_TOKEN = "134448596:AAEIyo3EBVCN3qdd3TfrmQUxoI-eZVGvmI"
    APP_ID = int(123635)
    API_HASH = "1a417dd4fdf3ead2819ff35641daa16b"
    TG_USER_SESSION = "BQDGRUC0_qw2GVQ2gpLFaXOt0mrWg16cBZPATQvR8KThDzi-NRE1I9DB......"
```
[User session string can be generated from HERE](https://replit.com/@ayrahikari/pyrogram-session-maker)

#### Run the following:

```
virtualenv -p python3 venv
. ./venv/bin/activate
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 main.py
```
**Bot Window**
<br>
<img src="/med/bot_process.jpeg" width="200">

**Working**
<br>
<img src="/med/working_video.gif" width="200">

## LICENSE
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0">
    <img alt="GPL3" src ="https://e-tinet.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/logo-gnu-linux-GPL-2.png" width="104.75" height="32"/>
  </a>
</p>
<br>

## Credits:
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/pyrogram/pyrogram">
    <img alt="Pyrogram" src ="https://i.imgur.com/BOgY9ai.png" width="104.75" height="32"/>
  </a>
</p>
<br>

## Creator :
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://t.me/space4renjith">
    <img alt="Renjith Mangal" src ="https://logodix.com/logo/1717728.jpg" width="150" />
  </a>
</p>

Commit message:

Major design update
From this update, everyone can clone medias from anywhere to your personal chat.  Bot doesn't need to be added in anywhere. Private & public chats are supported.  Clone process can be stopped by a button click. Improvements in UI and performance.

README.md, after:

# [Clone Bot](https://github.com/m4mallu/clonebot)

#### A simple telegram bot can clone medias from any chat to your private chat 😍 <br>

### 🤘 𝙋𝙧𝙞𝙫𝙖𝙩𝙚 & 𝙋𝙪𝙗𝙡𝙞𝙘 𝙘𝙝𝙖𝙩𝙨 𝙨𝙪𝙥𝙥𝙤𝙧𝙩𝙚𝙙 - 𝘼𝙣𝙮𝙤𝙣𝙚 𝙘𝙖𝙣 𝙘𝙡𝙤𝙣𝙚 𝙢𝙚𝙙𝙞𝙖𝙨 𝙛𝙧𝙤𝙢 𝙖𝙣𝙮𝙬𝙝𝙚𝙧𝙚 𝙩𝙤 𝙮𝙤𝙪𝙧 𝙥𝙚𝙧𝙨𝙤𝙣𝙖𝙡 𝙘𝙝𝙖𝙩 🤘

### ░▒▓ Highlights of this Bot ▓▒░
💢 **String session user doesn't need to be an admin of the Source chat**<br>
💢 **String session user need to be an admin of the Destination chat**<br>
💢 **Bot doesn't need to be added in the Source / Destination chats** 😍

### ░▒▓ Keep in mind ▓▒░
🚫 𝘾𝙧𝙚𝙖𝙩𝙚 𝙖 𝙨𝙩𝙧𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙨𝙚𝙨𝙨𝙞𝙤𝙣 𝙛𝙧𝙤𝙢 𝙖 𝙪𝙨𝙚𝙧 𝙖𝙘𝙘𝙤𝙪𝙣𝙩 ( 𝙙𝙤𝙣'𝙩 𝙜𝙚𝙣𝙚𝙧𝙖𝙩𝙚 - 𝙪𝙨𝙚 𝙗𝙤𝙩 𝙨𝙚𝙨𝙨𝙞𝙤𝙣 ) <br>
👉 𝘾𝙡𝙞𝙘𝙠 [𝙃𝙀𝙍𝙀](https://repl.it/@ayrahikari/pyrogram-session-maker) 𝙩𝙤 𝙜𝙚𝙣𝙚𝙧𝙖𝙩𝙚 𝙖 𝙪𝙨𝙚𝙧 𝙨𝙩𝙧𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙨𝙚𝙨𝙨𝙞𝙤𝙣 <br>
🚫 𝙎𝙩𝙧𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙨𝙚𝙨𝙨𝙞𝙤𝙣 𝙪𝙨𝙚𝙧 𝙨𝙝𝙤𝙪𝙡𝙙 𝙣𝙤𝙩 𝙗𝙚 𝙗𝙖𝙣𝙣𝙚𝙙 𝙞𝙣 𝙩𝙝𝙚 𝙨𝙤𝙪𝙧𝙘𝙚 𝙘𝙝𝙖𝙩

### ░▒▓ Mandatory Variables  ▓▒░
```
TG_BOT_TOKEN    - Get from @BotFather
APP_ID          - Get from my.telegram.org
API_HASH        - Get from my.telegram.org
TG_USER_SESSION - Run any userbot session maker (Mentioned above)
```

### ░▒▓ @BotFather Commands ▓▒░
**Should Be run in Bot**

```
/help - To know how to use the bot
/source - Set source chat Id ( /source -1001234567890 )
/destination - Set destination chat Id ( /destination -1009876543210)
/view - To view the current stored chat configuration
/delconfig - To clear the stored chat configuration
/clone - Clone medias from source to destination chat

```
### ░▒▓ Deploy Easy Way: ▓▒░

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/m4mallu/clonebot)

### ░▒▓ Deploy Legendary Way: ▓▒░

Create **config.py** with variables as given below [Refer sample.config](https://github.com/m4mallu/clonebot/blob/master/sample_config.py)

```
class Config(object):
    TG_BOT_TOKEN = "134448596:AAEIyo3EBVCN3qdd3TfrmQUxoI-eZVGvmI"
    APP_ID = int(123635)
    API_HASH = "1a417dd4fdf3ead2819ff35641daa16b"
    TG_USER_SESSION = "BQDGRUC0_qw2GVQ2gpLFaXOt0mrWg16cBZPATQvR8KThDzi-NRE1I9DB......"
```
𝘾𝙡𝙞𝙘𝙠 [𝙃𝙀𝙍𝙀](https://repl.it/@ayrahikari/pyrogram-session-maker) 𝙩𝙤 𝙜𝙚𝙣𝙚𝙧𝙖𝙩𝙚 𝙖 𝙪𝙨𝙚𝙧 𝙨𝙩𝙧𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙨𝙚𝙨𝙨𝙞𝙤𝙣 <br>

#### ░▒▓ Run the following: ▓▒░

```
virtualenv -p python3 venv
. ./venv/bin/activate
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 main.py
```
**Bot Window**
<br>
<img src="/med/bot_process.jpeg" width="200">

**Working**
<br>
<img src="/med/working_video.gif" width="200">

## ░▒▓ LICENSE ▓▒░
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0">
    <img alt="GPL3" src ="https://e-tinet.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/logo-gnu-linux-GPL-2.png" width="104.75" height="32"/>
  </a>
</p>
<br>

## ░▒▓ Credits ▓▒░
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/pyrogram/pyrogram">
    <img alt="Pyrogram" src ="https://i.imgur.com/BOgY9ai.png" width="104.75" height="32"/>
  </a>
</p>
<br>

## ░▒▓ Creator ▓▒░
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://t.me/space4renjith">
    <img alt="Renjith Mangal" src ="https://logodix.com/logo/1717728.jpg" width="150" />
  </a>
</p>
